Below are instructions for getting a development environment up and running.

==Checking Out Code
This command will clone the repository into a directory called math-support-matrix. This will be the directory we will be working in.

    ```
    git clone http://github.com/benetech/math-support-matrix
    ```

==Vagrant
[Download and install Vagrant](http://www.vagrantup.com/downloads.html)

==VirtualBox
[Download and install VirtualBox](https://www.virtualbox.org/wiki/Downloads)

Also make sure that VirtualBox's installation directory is in your path.

==Spin Up the Environment
Run the command "vagrant up", sans the quotes, in the math-support-matrix directory. this will take a while to download the Linux distro, image it, install ruby/rails/other software. etc. Once it's done, you can login with "vagrant ssh". If you want to use other tools for ssh, just ssh to port 2222 on your local machine, and that's where ssh is listening to take you to the VirtualBox instance. The username and password are both "vagrant", sans the quotes.

==Run the App
Once you're in the VirtualBox, then issue the following commands.

    ```
    cd /vagrant
    rake db:drop db:create db:migrate
    rails server
    ```

once you do that, you can go to [http://localhost:3000/](http://localhost:3000/) and you should see the application's homepage.

also, you may need to issue this on your local box if the port forwarding for port 3000 on virtual box isn't working:

    ```bash
    ssh -N -L 3000:localhost:3000 vagrant@localhost -p 2222
    ```

Again, the password is "vagrant", sans the quotes.

Happy Hacking.
